DOCS-2018: Testing not possible for iDEAL QR (#1062)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/faq/getting-started/test-payment-details.md

| Initialized/Declined  | Transaction is Initialized (after 1 minute it is changed to Declined) |

## iDEAL QR

> Test details are unavailable for iDEAL QR, therefore it is not possible process test transactions. Although, you will still be able to place test payments in the [Live environment](https://merchant.multisafepay.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing is currently not supported for the iDEAL QR payment method. Although, you can place test payments in the [Live environment](https://merchant.multisafepay.com/)
```
